feat: improve inbound connector documentation (#2612)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/connectors/connector-types.md

Outbound Connectors allow workflows to trigger external systems or services, making it possible to integrate workflows with other parts of a business process or system architecture.

The programming code in Java to connect to the external system is executed when the workflow reaches the service task.

![Outbound Connectors](img/outbound-connectors.png)

Use outbound Connectors if something needs to happen in the third-party system if a process reaches a service task. For example, calling a REST endpoint or publishing a message to Slack.

## Inbound Connectors

Inbound Connectors enable workflows to receive data or messages from external systems or services, making it possible to integrate workflows into a wider business process or system architecture.

> Inbound Connectors can be used to trigger a process instance, or to send a message to a running process instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inbound Connectors can be used to create a new process instance, or to send a message to a running process instance.
```

> The Java code of the inbound Connector has a lifecycle suitable for long-running operations, such as listening for messages on a queue or waiting for a webhook to be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java code of the inbound Connector get `activated` as soon as the Connector Runtime detects an element in a process definition that references an inbound connector. The lifecycle suitable for long-running operations, such as listening for messages on a queue or waiting for a webhook to be called. The code gets `deactivated` in case of an updated or deleted process definition.
```

> Inbound Connector instances are not linked to specific process instances. If the process contains an inbound Connector, the Connector code will be first executed when the process is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inbound Connector instances are linked to process definitions and not to specific process instances. If a process definition contains an element referencing an inbound Connector, the Connector code will be first executed when the process definition is deployed and the deployment has been detected by the Connector Runtime.
```

Outbound Connectors allow workflows to trigger external systems or services, making it possible to integrate workflows with other parts of a business process or system architecture.

> The programming code in Java to connect to the external system is executed when the workflow reaches the service task.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is a little awkward. Is there any reason we can't refer to this as "The Java code" like we do a few lines below?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Java code to connect to the external system is executed when the workflow reaches the service task.
```

Author: I believe it's taken verbatim from [here](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs/blob/b75513e4c095bc62dc54fe0291edab4a2f79c985/docs/components/connectors/introduction.md?plain=1#L24). Corrected it here, doesn't look good to me either 🙂

Reviewer 2: Always room for improvement 😆 thank you!
